doc: Matter certification: add a link to the Test Event Triggers page (#16543)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/certification.rst

=======

The Matter certification process requires testing before any application for certification is sent.
The testing process includes specific actions and test scenarios that must be triggered on the device under test.

> Some of these operations must be initiated with :ref:`Test Event Triggers <ug_matter_test_event_triggers>`.
> Test Event Triggers is a dedicated software component supported by |NCS| Matter samples that allows the Matter controller to trigger certain test actions by interacting with ``generaldiagnostics`` Matter cluster implemented on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these operations must be initiated with the :ref:`test event triggers <ug_matter_test_event_triggers>`, which is a dedicated software component supported by the |NCS| Matter samples. 
This component allows the Matter controller to trigger test actions by interacting with the ``generaldiagnostics`` Matter cluster implemented on the device.
```
Looking at other documentation the test event triggers isn't capitalized
